it's an important causes may be the most
important cause ever taken up and what a
night we have in store for you tonight
once again Hollywood has answered the
call literally here tonight answering
calls we have an all star celebrity
phonebank Kevin Nealon is here with us
tonight
other people telling you Kevin oh hang
on a second what's that to me never mind
cabinets it's are they saying
anything about national unfriend day oh
they're all over there there's a lot of
people being unfriended today I'm
talking to Jimmy unfriended today and
it's I got a bill bracket from
Bridgeport Connecticut unfriending Tim
hollering for using too many emoticons
and lol's all very good Julie Bowen is
here with us today a Facebook page or
your face do I do I do have a Facebook
page and I'm doing doing some deep
unfriending today yeah started with Mark
Zuckerberg unfriended him right away oh
you did I did I think someone needed to
send that message excellent and I also
unfriended an ex-boyfriend who kept
posting pictures of himself in a cigar
bar with women who were clearly rentals
all right good so you're setting an
example you example and tell the people
on the phone that to thank you I thank
you and Fred Willard is here at Fred I
hope I'm not but this is a cause that's
very special to you isn't it yes it's my
way of giving back and I unfriend one
person today and they actually said
thank you so I just stopped I got it
cause people are missing the point one
man just pledged $50 for Jimmy's kids
the important thing is they're calling
that's right just keep calling hello we
don't actually have a phone number but
keep dialing as much as you possibly
we're judging by not only we are cetera
but we had no place to put the celebrity
so we jammed them in with the band we
apologize for that - next year it'll be
a top notch operates in Austin I my
Uncle Frank is manning the unfriending
tote board
how are you doing so far great Jim all
right there we go let's see what we have
number right now Jim or a number
Wow 40,000 937
I feel like you're all Simon Cowell
banding together to tell America they
suck and by the way you don't have to
stop unfriending tonight keep going keep
chopping away until your only friend is
your therapist together we can maybe not
change the world but we can make the
world a little bit less annoying and I
think that's worth while I'm feeling so
semicolon right parentheses right now
you that's that's happy nevermind and
can i confine you guys I'm not even on
Facebook this just seemed like a fun
thing to do